Transition Phases	Key Deliverables	Purpose
Quality Gate 1 (End of Planning phase)	Transition Plan Document	This document provides an overview of Hexaware’s overall approach to transitioning. It also describes the overall objectives and guiding principles.
	KT Knowledge Map	 Captures all SME details and knowledge areas.
	Transition Schedule (Microsoft Project Plan)	Captures the end-to-end activities with milestones owners and tentative timelines. 
	Transition Responsibility Document	Captures all responsibility matrices of resources deployed during respective phases.
	Quality Index Checklist	Measures the compliance index through weightage and rating and view the overall health status of the transition.
Quality Gate 2 (End of Knowledge Transfer Phase)	Systems overview Document	Captures the tools and systems across infrastructure and application estate.
	High-Level Technical Specification	Provides a high-level technical view of the infrastructure and application environment.
	Run Book	Run book containing all existing SOPs, KEDB, process, alert, and incident triaging flows.
	Playback PowerPoint Presentation	Playback to the current R&Co staff on the knowledge gained during this phase to get their sign-off.
	Knowledge Repository	Creation of Knowledge repository.
	Updated Quality Index Checklist	Measuring the compliance index through weightage and rating and have an overall health status of the phase.
Quality gate 3 (End of Forward Shadow Support phase)	Systems Overview Document (Final)	Capturing tacit knowledge; internal review.
	Transition KPI Statistics Report	Documenting the KPIs achieved during this stage of the transition and build improvement plans.
	Playback PowerPoint presentation	Required to playback our understanding after the Shadow Support phase.
	Updated Quality Index Checklist	Measuring the compliance index through weightage and rating and have an overall health status of the phase.
Quality Gate 4 (End of Reverse Shadow) &
Quality Gate 5
(End of Overall Transition)	Transition Phase End Closure Report	Details of metrics, best practices, lessons learned, and summary information with respect to transition.
	Transition KPI Statistics Report	To generate a report in which the KPIs achieved are documented over the transition period.
	Updated Quality Index Checklist	Measuring the compliance index through weightage and rating and have an overall health status of the phase.
	Issue Management Tracker	Logging and tracking issues in the complete transition cycle.
	Risk Management Tracker	Logging and tracking risks in the complete transition cycle and updating the mitigation procedures.
	Runbook Sign-off	Getting sign-off on the runbook from R&Co.
	Playback PowerPoint presentation	Required to playback the understanding after the end of the transition phase and before cutover to BAU.
